she was the first female late-night talk
show host on a major Network winning 43
Emmy Awards ladies and gentlemen
Mary Katherine do you think women are
funny funny is funny as long as you're
white male and from an elite college
like your writing staff we need to hire
a woman what a gay guy work no dad so
you have no experience in comedy I'm
obsessed with comedy I do a little
stand-up where you're higher that
doesn't work out which you probably
won't you'll be gone are you okay I'm so
happy I feel sick I came to tell you
this year is your last won't
who are you I'm a new writer the new
female writer yeah I can see that right
think about why the show is bad just
tell me back
don't push me come up with ways to fix
it the headline of my analysis is
complacency I tell you what doesn't work
a newcomer coming in from giving me her
assessment of my comic persona I will
not be marginalized because no one here
looks like me she's not trying to
silence your strong female woman of
color spirit hashtag me too blah blah
blah he's a new writer with no
experience
write something this show hasn't been
good for years why didn't you say
something I thought you knew and didn't
care the same question I have some jokes
with Milan
Tom Cruise is the same age as me he
needs to fight the mummy
I need you only to help me change this
show no more tantrums in no withering
looks like that one that's my face
what exactly is wrong with my bits
you're a little also a little wait what
can I do about that
let me introduce you to a new series
Kathryn Newberry white savior ever
helicam let's see what we can do about
that
I actually didn't need to go anywhere
that doesn't matter this is how white
saviors work into the cab how would you
describe Molly Molly Molly is she said
that I reminded her of a younger girl
[Music]